Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Gabrysia! Mop the floor
when you’re done with the pole.
Clean it! No dancing now!
The others will
take care of the tables and glasses.
- What are you doing?!
- I'm so sorry!
- Who is she?
- Warsaw gang left her.
She's from Turkey.
- Mamuka! Come here! Call her. too!
- Come closer.
Play the video.
Were you there?
Tell her I won't hurt her.
It's OK.
He's just asking if you saw this.
Were you there?!
He was tortured and screamed a lot.
- She said...
- I know! What did he say?
Tell me!
- What...
- What did he say?!
Don't be scared! Just tell me.
He knew who betrayed him.
That's all I know.
- Translate!
- He knew who betrayed him.
- That's all I know.
- It's OK. just go.
MORPHEUS
Good evening! Welcome!
Meet my family.
- I'm Marta Leyer.
- Introduce yourself.
I'm Diana.
Dirty Diana.
- Some vodka?
- Pour it!
It's a good day.
Well done. Andrzej!
In the blue corner.
please welcome a fighter
who's won 19 fights and lost none!
Representing Fighters MMA Club...
Mamuka Sulimo!
Try to hit him!
Fuck it!
Vodka!
Look at this!
They've engraved it: Mamuka Sulimo!
Let's celebrate!
- Bravo!
- It was great!
You hit him
with your head and killed him!
You owe me some money. you know!
I put my money on a knock-out
in the second round. not first!
- You're a jigit. Mamuka!
- You'll get your money. boss!
I'm sure!
Enough of the soda!
Let's have vodka! On me!
You're some jigit. Mamuka!
- I'll call you a cab.
- I feel like having a drink.
Wait for me!
- Frajda!
- Yeah?
I'm going my way! See you!
Did you think about my idea? Did you?!
What are you talking about?
I'm asking
if you have considered my idea.
I have. Forget it.
- What do you want? For real!
- Diana...
I want you all to be safe.
I'll blow up Roman's fish and chips.
Have you lost your mind?
You'll go back to jail!
- It won't solve the problem.
- You can't solve it with pills.
I could!
If I made much more than he does!
Piotr! You want your kids kidnapped?
If anything happens to them.
you'll be to blame.
And your war with Roman!
My solution is safe...
It's not that easy.
- I thought about it. too.
- And about Krol?
- You'll follow Moro.
- Moro?
- Can't you hear?
- I can. but what do you mean?
You'll see him. but he won't see you.
Sure thing.
3 missed calls from Ewa
It's 5:30 already!
Sing along!
And the bugle call is on.
Soldiers are going home.
and girls are sad to say good-bye.
- What time does he get up?
- He's old school!
Old school.
Boys would like
to get their room back.
You think so?
- Did they say anything?
- They didn't.
But you know...
your parents' house is available.
Maurycy and Mikolaj
love their Grandpa!
Let him stay a while.
I need to go.
don't want to be late!
- We've got 3 hours till the meeting.
- What meeting?
We are visiting preschools today!
Fuck! I forgot!
- Will you reschedule?
- But how? And why?
I need to go to Warsaw
for a medical congress.
- Today?
- I'll be back tonight.
Great!
- I'm doing it for us.
- Grandpa made you breakfast!
It's so nice of him!
Have it with mommy! She's hungry.
- Love you. see you tonight!
- Bye!
Grandpa knows how to make breakfast?
I had to meet you.
- They know.
- Fuck!
- Calm down!
- I'm not going back!
They don't know you're the mole.
- I can't do it anymore!
- You can't go back now.
Fuck it!
- And Internal Affairs?
- I risk my life! And what do you do?!
- I'm on your side!
- Sitting at your desk!
- They are not scouts!
- And you're not just an officer!
A few more weeks.
We'll get them all.
- The boss is up to something?
- Come on!
I don't know. He talks a lot.
There's a girl at the club. Marika.
- You know her?
- I don't.
Watch her.
- I'm going for a smoke.
- Don't get lost!
- Give me a straw.
- You should rather hit the pole.
There's a junky at the bar.
causing huge trouble.
- Go there!
- What?
Fuck! People fighting at the bar!
Now! Please!
- Go there!
- What the fuck?!
Stop. you fucking whore!
Stop. bitch!
I'm gonna fucking kill you!
Please stop. help me!
He's gonna kill me!
Stop! Please. help me!
Don't open. go!
It's actually good!
And they say goat meat stinks!
It's not goat meat. it's mutton.
As good as Mama's pork chops.
Pork chops
are not halal. and they stink.
- What do you mean?
- Pork is filthy.
We can't eat it.
You're a religious person?
But you used to drink a lot.
I'm a Muslim. but the Soviet kind.
- What's the difference?
- We took what's best
both from the party and from Allah.
That's what my Father used to say.
Do we have a mosque in Szczecin?
Yes?
We're coming.
- Come on!
- I'm eating halal!
Salam alaykum!
- Are you OK?
- Yeah. I'm fine.
Who was that man?
You know him?
- Yes! I mean: no! I don't know.
- You don't know?
- Can you just go?
- We're going!
- Go to the police!
- Please. just go!
- God damn it! Nobody's following us!
- Calm down!
- I'm calm. Don't shout!
- She should calm down!
- So tell her!
Why are we stopping?
Please. just go!
Help me! Help!
Leave her alone!
- Help me!
- Leave her alone!
Please. don't leave me!
I'm calling the police!
Leave him alone!
Are you fucking crazy?
I'm happy to see representatives
of pharmaceutical companies from
Germany. Switzerland. Canada.
France. Spain. Israel and Turkey.
As a member of Parliamentary
Health Commission. and pediatrician.
I'd like to thank you all for
the extensive and expensive research
on new drugs.
Your hard work makes our patients
feel better. and not only in Europe.
Yet; there's still a lot to do.
I give you Sulmedic Pharm
representative. Mr. Sadik. Welcome!
Sulmedic Pharm.
of which I'm proud to be the CEO.
sells medicines worth tens
of millions of Euros in Poland alone.
But our main goal
is not so much financial gain. as
the fight
against the diseases that afflict
the inhabitants
of the poorest countries.
May I have him for a second?
Incredibly engaging speech.
mister Sadik.
- Excuse me. have we met before?
- Piotr Leyer.
We have not met in person.
but I sent you an email.
Oh! Yeah. You're a lawyer.
How can I help you?
Do you like Italian cuisine?
Straighten her out.
Just don't overdo it!
Why the fuck did you do it?!
I'm fucking done!
I'm just done with this shit!
- Do you know who I am?
- Moro?
- How do you know?
- Other guys call you that!
- When did you hear that?
- I don't remember!
- Think!
- What's your fucking problem?!
Who's the fucking snitch?
I don't know. I told you!
I won't hurt you. I won't.
Calm down.
Nobody will hurt you anymore.
I'll take care of that.
- Just fucking leave me alone!
- You must help me!
Do your job.
Keep your eyes and ears open.
I want to know everything
about the club. the customers.
Who likes big tits.
pee on their chest.
I want to know everything.
About Mamuka. old Leyer.
Get it? And the lawyer!
If you help me...
I'll get you out of here.
- Moro is clean.
- You sure of that?
He rammed
the police boat to save me.
Sometimes he's out of control.
- What do you mean?
- He almost killed a guy.
But he won't go to the cops.
- Did you follow him?
- I did.
He's got a fancy girlfriend.
They fuck in a hotel.
That's his only secret.
She's nice.
What's so funny?
The fact that the CEO of a large
pharmaceutical company is sick.
I'm not sick.
I just caught a cold.
Your climate doesn't suit me.
I think I have a cure for that.
Please!
An anticoagulant isn't for cold.
What do you want?
I worked
on a case for almost 3 years.
And I learned
a lot about your industry.
I know more about medicines
than I'd like to know.
Give me an example.
For example
Saint Nicholas came from Turkey.
Just like you.
You'd like
some kind of a gift from me?
This kind of a gift for example.
- You risk a lot.
- I haven't said anything yet.
Neither have you.
- Can you produce it?
- Of course I can.
- You didn't even look at ingredients.
- We copy drugs
that have been in research
for 10 years in just 10 days.
- It's really not that difficult.
- And yet. it's impressive!
I don't know if you deserve
such kind of a gift. yet.
- I'm a good boy.
- Let's say I can provide
a small sample of my capabilities.
If. of course. you can
bring it to Europe and distribute it.
That's not a problem.
My family have. let's say...
some kind of experience in this area.
You mean your brother's company?
My condolences.
You really didn't think
I'd come here unprepared. did you?
We contact each other in person.
No one can know about me.
If your father. cousin. or wife
calls me. I'll terminate agreement.
Is that clear?
As the Sun on the Turkish Riviera.
Perfect timing!
Thank you.
Fuck!
Mamuka!
My car broke down. I'm 30 km away.
Send somebody to fetch me.
I'll text you my location.
Fuck it!
- Moro!
- Where are we going?
Pharmaceuticals warehouse?
I'm meeting the owner.
I'm impressed! You humiliated
those Ministry bastards.
I didn't think anybody could.
You didn't think; yet. you testified.
We needed medicines
and nobody did anything.
I wouldn't do it again.
Why? Any regrets?
I'll show you something.
That's what
my warehouse looks like now!
- What happened?
- Revenge happened.
Unfortunately. on me.
I don't get any shipping anymore.
What if I could help you...
to fill the shelves?
- But with what?
- The medicine we fought for.
- I could get you some.
- You could? How?
I can't tell you.
I can get you an alternative.
Same substance. same packaging.
The only difference is the price.
You want to sell fakes to me?
Think about it this way...
Patients get drugs they need.
we get money. nobody gets hurt.
It's a win-win!
What about patents. certificates.
documentation? It's a set up!
Fine. Think about it.
You've got my number.
20 %! And guarantees.
I guarantee it's the same drug.
- And I can give you 10 %.
- 20!
I'll risk the most!
Take care of the paper work!
15 %.
We'll be in touch.
Come in!
Hello!
What brings you to me. Mr. Piotr?
He's so beautiful!
Come to Mama!
He's so sweet! Beautiful!
Looks just like my Milo!
- What's your name?
- Drops.
But you could.
of course. name him yourself.
Why did you bring him?
I just wanted to make you happy.
I know how much
you suffered after Milo passed.
I can't accept any gratuities!
It's not a gratuity. doctor.
He's your new friend.
I can't stand when a woman is sad.
You're so beautiful!
Fine! You bought me!
How can I help you?
Actually. I'm the one
who could help our Health Service.
How?
Anticoagulants.
- You know the problem.
- Sure! Everybody's talking about it.
- but nobody can find them.
- I can.
- I could bring you any amount.
- Do it!
You don't need me to do it.
Problem is. I'm looking for
an alternative distribution net.
Come. honey!
Let's get out to the balcony!
Come here!
You want me to sell drugs?
Not at all. doctor!
It's a gross oversimplification.
Your Doctor's Board would do it.
You know a doctor's office
is not a drugstore. we can't.
You'd do it for your patients. doctor.
An invitation.
For a course on new methods
of treating thrombosis.
It'll take a week.
It's in Dominican Republic.
We should help people.
I'll talk to my colleagues.
You could be taking part
in such courses on regular basis.
Come to me!
- Hi!
- Hello!
- How's it going?
- Fine.
- It smells nice.
- We'll have sausage for supper.
- I need to talk to you.
- Talk.
I need to transport
some pills to Poland.
I took care of everything.
I just need your transport route.
It's not for you!
Seriously?! You've been to slammer
and you want to tell me what I can do?
I'm still your father.
- You don't want to help me. don't!
- Piotr!
- I just want to warn you...
- I don't need it! I can do it myself.
Want some?
Finally!
- Hi. Piotr!
- What do you want?!
Take your time peeing!
Pee!
Then
I'll tell you what we're gonna do!
- Have you seen my phone?
- I haven't.
Want to take a look? I'm finished.
- If you don't like any of them...
- I hate them all!
You need to cancel the job.
What?!
- You can't...
- Do I express myself clearly?
You can't work for them.
I love you.
Drink to me!
What the fuck are we doing here?
I heard Lolek's mom
is dancing on the pole!
Carrying her sister!
Fuck you!
Kid!
You'll get laid. you'll feel better!
But with whom? His mom or her sister?
Don't you worry. kid.
We're just hazing you.
It was me who invited you here.
- Great!
- Where's Mr. Andrzej?
Getting to know his family.
We've got the new king!
Leyer the Lawyer!
Gentlemen!
Are you ready to make big money?
On Lolek's mom?
It's Lolek's mom's jubilee!
Where's the sister at?
You don't belong here.
What?
This helps.
And nobody was asking for my opinion.
Was it supposed
to be a modeling career?
Money. photos. catwalks in Milan.
And they took your passport?
It was different in my case.
Did you know you'll end up here
and become a...
- hostess?
- They found me on this App.
- Instagram. You know it?
- Come one...
There was supposed to be
a party on this big. fancy yacht.
And of course a lot of money.
And now you're here with me.
I'm here because they didn't want
to cut off a good looking girl.
So. what's your story?
What about you. tell me!
Do you like what you do?
Yeah...
I fucking love it!
Come on!
How are you two?
Us?
Well. you and Piotr.
You know what I mean.
He's got a lot on his plate.
He won in court.
then his brother died.
You came.
He just needs to relax.
He won't be able to relax anymore.
What is it that you want?
Piotr is a great lawyer.
We've got kids. we've got plans.
We love each other.
It's gonna be OK again.
He's gonna change.
You don't get it yet. but he will.
It's good you know everything!
Your prison friends told you?
You might actually be right.
I've been through it all.
I spent my boys' childhood in prison.
I didn't get to meet you.
I didn't see him graduate.
I didn't go to your wedding.
didn't welcome my grandkids.
Ela took care of everything.
And then I didn't go to her funeral.
They wouldn't let me.
You want your kids
to have such a life?
Piotr is different from you!
Completely!
Wait a minute!
Did you hear that?
Bring some water!
Dance with me. honey!
No. thank you!
I'm sad...
Is that how you leave a party?
I need to go. See you!
If it wasn't for you. I'd be in jail!
- Thank you. brother.
- Sure.
One of us is an informer.
That's why I had Frajda follow you.
Now I know it's not you. right?
She's quite elegant.
I know.
It needs thorough airing.
Fuck it. Piotr!
- You didn't see anybody?
- I didn't!
- Maybe you heard something.
- I didn't. officer. honestly!
- And you suspect nobody?
- Officer! You know
I had a 15 year-long vacation!
Yeah. I know that.
- You don't need a doctor?
- No! I'm fine!
- And the boys?
- No. thank you.
I get it. That's all for now.
- Thank you. officer.
- Thank you. bye.
Fine. boys! Let's go to bed.
Boys! Remember the song
we sang yesterday?
Big smile. Grandpa!
- Look who's here!
- Good evening!
- A bit late!
- I was working. Dad.
- Dad?
- Let it go.
Working!
- Good evening!
- Evening!
The last one!
It's great. thank you!
Bye!
- See you at school!
- You're leaving?
My mom is waiting.
Happy Birthday!
I'm sorry. Love you!
I left some cake for you.
- Thank you!
- That's what you wanted?
They are great!
Aunt Ewa bought me a helmet.
It's nice.
Let's go for a smoke and I'll be gone.
It's so nice of you.
Try them on!
Mom will let you skate in here.
Sure thing!
Delicious cake.
I'll be right back.
Are they the right size?
Aunt Ewa?! For real?
- I had to get to you.
- On her birthday?
Did you find out anything?
Head is growing back.
- Ambitious Chechen?
- It's not Mamuka.
- Who then?
- Piotr Leyer.
The lawyer on TV?
I don't believe it!
He was the white sheep.
He want's to deal medicines.
How?
I don't know yet.
I take it
you're gonna see it to the end.
It's my daughter's birthday!
How much longer?!
- She'll forget you.
- Can't you understand?
- It's her birthday!
- I didn't know Ewa would come!
- We had to meet!
- Today?!
It's not that easy!
It's so easy!
Either you change it or I will.
I'm listening.
I'd like to report
an assault and battery.
I have it all on camera.
CAST
DIRECTED BY
WRITTEN BY
DIRECTOR OF PHOTOGRAPHY
PRODUCED BY
EDITOR                                   MUSIC
English subtitles
Agnieszka Stelmaszynska
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm